Written 2026-08-24, after the hunt started and before any fault, kept apart from
predictions.txt so the pre-registration stands as registered.

The method in predictions.txt said "rotate four workloads". It now runs a
different round, and the reason is worth recording because it is the difference
between days well spent and days wasted.

Checking what actually produced faults, rather than assuming, turned up two
things. The only complete kernel trail on record came from a soak round that was
a 2048-token prefill, a correctness gate and an allocation-churn sweep, with SDMA
alternated on and off, and it faulted during the prefill of an SDMA-enabled
round. And five fatal resets came out of twenty retained boots of ordinary
campaign activity, while the previous hunt's 255 iterations of one repeated
llama-bench shape produced none at all.

Both point the same way, and the working hypothesis is that varied work provokes
this while hours of the same call do not. Stated as a hypothesis because that is
what it is: the twenty boots are not a controlled comparison against the 255
iterations, since they differ in duration, in configuration and in what was being
run, and nobody designed them as arms of anything. It is enough to choose a round
composition by, and not enough to conclude from. The round now mirrors the soak
that faulted, on the small model so a round
stays near two minutes, with every tenth round pulling in a 9 to 11 GiB model to
exercise the KFD SVM paths that the flush family lives on.

Two constants were being held fixed without justification, which this
investigation has been caught doing before. The first is SDMA: every previous
hunt ran with HSA_ENABLE_SDMA=0, including the one that found nothing, so it is
now alternated round by round. That is not a claim that SDMA is required, since
faults also appeared on boots predating the microcode substitution. The second is
the workload shape itself, which is what the paragraph above is about.

One check that the round is the round: its prefill returns 662.56 t/s against the
soak's recorded range of 661.49 to 663.05.

A gate check was also added inside the round. A perplexity value that moves is a
correctness event even when no kernel fault is logged, and a hunt that only
watches the journal would not see it.

2026-08-24, the fault arrived.

At 14:46:39, during round 191 or thereabouts, three gfxhub page faults on vmid 8,
pasid 1722. Then the chain this repository has documented since the August soak:
queue preemption failed on doorbell_id 80004018, then BC-250 runlist rebuild
flush failed (-62), the same doorbell and the same error as the soak crash.

And then nothing. No GPU reset begin, not one, in a boot that has since logged
1193 preemption failures and 1074 runlist rebuild failures. amdgpu.gpu_recovery=0
did exactly what reading the driver said it would: the reset was never requested,
and the host stayed up. That is the pre-registered prediction confirmed, and it
is the first time it has been observed against a natural fault rather than a
parameter write.

The host is alive an hour later: ssh answers, the journal is still being written,
uptime is unbroken.

What the machine is like in that state is the question the hunt exists for, and
the answer is already visible in the coredumps without needing the battery. Every
GPU process since the fault has died:

  14:46:48  llama-bench        SIGABRT
  14:54:26  llama-perplexity   SIGABRT
  15:08:37  test-backend-ops   SIGSEGV
  15:16:13  llama-bench        SIGSEGV
  15:23:54  llama-perplexity   SIGABRT
  15:38:06  test-backend-ops   SIGSEGV
  15:49:44  llama-bench        SIGSEGV

The 15:49 one segfaulted inside libamdhip64 itself. So the expectation this
repository has been publishing, "a dead process and a wedged GPU on a live host",
is right in shape and understates it: it is not one dead process, it is every
process from then on, indefinitely, with the driver logging a preemption failure
every few seconds for over an hour.

The hunt was stopped at 15:56 to freeze this state before measuring it.
