Pre-registered before any trial was run, cycle 16, 2026-08-24.

Question. Every KIQ configuration so far has been run once. Single captures
cannot tell a stopping point that depends on where the prints sit from one that
wanders between identical runs. This is the repetition that should have come
first.

Four configurations, three repetitions each, interleaved A B C D A B C D A B C D
so that a campaign cut short still covers all four. One module throughout,
selected at runtime, so the code is byte-identical across every trial:

  A  pre=0 mid=0   nothing added
  B  pre=3 mid=3   a print before the read and another after it
  C  pre=1 mid=0   msleep(50) before the read
  D  pre=3 mid=0   a print before the read only

Readout. Six step markers inside gfx_v10_0_kiq_init_queue() report how far the
reset path gets, and the mode-3 prints report whether the read was reached and
whether it returned. The measure per trial is the highest marker printed.

Predictions.

  A reaches no marker, three times out of three, matching both earlier runs of
  this configuration.

  B reaches step 6, three times out of three, reproducing the fine run of
  23 August that got to step 7 of its own numbering.

  D reaches at least step 1, three times out of three. This is the claim that
  the print before the read is what matters, stated so it can fail.

  C reaches no marker, three times out of three, since delay before the KIQ
  initialisation has already been shown not to help.

What each outcome would mean.

  All four as predicted: the stopping point is deterministic given the build, the
  print before the read is what moves it, and delay is not a substitute.

  Any configuration split across its three repetitions: the stopping point is not
  determined by the build, every placement conclusion drawn so far is unsupported,
  and the right description of this defect is a race rather than a bad access.

  B failing to reproduce: the 23 August observation was noise and nothing has
  ever moved the stall.

  D reaching no marker while B reaches step 6: what matters is not the print
  before the read but something about the pair, which the mid knob can then be
  used to isolate.
